Updated articles based on feedback from DXP team (#6215)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/extending/packages/language-files-for-packages.md

description: "Information on how to use language files to make your Umbraco package UI support multiple languages"
---

# Languages for packages

If you want your package to be available in different languages, you can use the existing localizations from Umbraco or register your own localizations. The localizations are written as a key-value pair pattern.
To register localizations to a language, you must add a new manifest to the Extension API. The manifest can be added through the `umbraco-package.json` file like this:

{% code title="umbraco-package.json" lineNumbers="true" %}

```json
{
  ...
  "name": "MyPackage",
  "extensions": [
    {
      "type": "localization",
      "alias": "MyPackage.Localize.EnUS",
      "name": "English (United States)",
      "meta": {
        "culture": "en-us"
      },
      "js": "/App_Plugins/MyPackage/Localization/en-us.js"
    }
  ]
}
```

> ## Language file format

Reviewer: Should this heading be removed as well? 🤔

Author: Yes, it should be removed :)

## Layout of the Localization Files

> The localization files for the UI are JS modules with a default export containing a key-value structure organized in sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The localization files for the UI are JS modules with a default export containing a key-value structure organized in sections.

```

Author: @sofietoft  Not sure what the change is here? 🙈

Reviewer: Just an attempt to add empty lines around the code samples 😅

```Javascript
export default {
 section: {
  key1: 'value1',
  key2: 'value2',
 },
};
```

> The sections and keys will be formatted into a map in Umbraco with the format section_key1 and section_key2. These form the unique key they are requested.

Reviewer: Tried to rewrite this. Not sure it's correct though?

```suggestion

The sections and keys will be formatted into a map in Umbraco with the format `section_key1` and `section_key2`. These form the unique key that it requested.
```

Author: Looks fine to me :D

description: "Information on how to use language files to make your Umbraco package UI support multiple languages"
---

# Languages for packages

> If you want your package to be available in different languages, you can use the existing localizations from Umbraco or register your own localizations. The localizations are written as a key-value pair pattern.

Reviewer 2: This section all looks correct to me, but seems to repeat what is already detailed here:
https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/extending/language-files/ui-localization

So in the interests of maintenance, it might be better to just have the first sentence here and then link off to this content rather than repeating it.

Author: @AndyButland Good point!

I think it still makes sense to have the first example on this page, however I have removed all the other and instead links to the UI localization page instead :-)
